Use of MetricCollection (#68)
meteofrance/mfai: README.md

See [pytorch lightning documentation](https://lightning.ai/docs/overview/getting-started) for how to configure the Trainer and customize the module to suit your needs.

### Add a new metric

> The SegmentationLightningModule use a MetricCollection to compute (and log) metrics over validation and test dataset. To add a new metric (sould be a `torchmetrics.Metric`), you just have to add the line below in your `__init__`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SegmentationLightningModule uses a MetricCollection to compute (and log) metrics over validation and test datasets. To add a new metric (should be a class implementing `torchmetrics.Metric`), you just have to add the line below in your `__init__`.
```
